The census has been four months since I broke with the nasty the
Rehab runs percent Super know full on schedule Percent he's in Toronto
old are next in the Olympic Games next year in London
was to get a men's chest medal at two Olympic Games
but the golden one is still missing and therefore it is out of bed every morning
on to the hall percent
to give everything
the bar where I grew up
I come from there in the end is stable
Euro minded that the city is running though recognized again and again
we will also have jumped a few months photo was it is nothing
special
But now Saarbrücken want to dance was in the center again here
at the Karate Club Bern
yes, it is percent
always nice to see how excited the kids are there it is
then come by therefore I expect a lot more fun for the kids
breaks contact and percent
then even so son just not in the gate we bring today and in the sand
exercise and salad
Werner Konrad Weise remains the sportsman yes I would like to be actively involved and
I sit in the chair then do something from it
Optimize that parents out and just make fun then percent the
Winners and the winners will be allowed to visit
So on the one hand, unfortunately it has a really great one for Coach
as a kind of reward for the project at the start these are world champions after
Reutlingen has come and I think that percent of the population would have
has become aware of it is moving to the following athletes go well
that a man like Fabian Hambüchen per cent came to us
running is bringing the grave
in principle, have done right once and made a 60 sec
It was his first start is around 9 percent
it should say it from now on or not at all, nevertheless, there is
Kobo would like to be able to easily increase by three and so on below
from Bayer
Choice was very interesting waiting fun for the kids
the recognition percent for what I do and percent is always, of course
Well that I can only recommend my own experiences with fun
To tackle sports and above all our very focused on perfection
work